---
title: 'Some Random Thoughts about Wuhan'
date: 2023-10-22
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - feeling
---

Having spent my whole teenhood in Wuhan and even with good command of the dialect, I never truly feel like a Wuhanese.

Despite my years there, I had struggled to embrace the local custom of roadside breakfast. Yet, on this day, with the break of dawn, circumstances steered me towards an unexpected culinary encounter. 

The only option available was eggnog, a simple concoction that belied a complex symphony of flavors. The first sip was a revelation; an explosion of fragrant sweetness that awakened my senses. The mellow notes of yellow rice wine and sugar crafted a delightful melody on my palate, while the addition of rich egg yolks lent a velvety texture that elevated the experience.

The eggnog had an almost transformative effect. Drowsiness was swept away in an instant, replaced by a surge of renewed energy. There was a certain magic in that humble cup, a vibrant echo of the city's spirit, resonating with my own. 

As I dashed to catch the bus, eggnog in hand, I felt a sense of belonging. At that moment, as the city woke up around me, I was not just an observer but a participant, no longer an outsider looking in, but a part of the fabric of this city. In that fleeting moment, I found myself embodying the essence of a true Wuhan local. 

This experience was a poignant reminder that sometimes, the most profound connections we make with a place are not through its grand landmarks or traditional customs, but through its everyday rituals and simple pleasures. And so, as the day unfolded, I carried with me not just the lingering taste of the eggnog, but a newfound appreciation for the city I have come to call home.
