---
title: 'Food and Culture'
date: 2024-7-14
permalink: /posts/2012/08/blog-post-4/
tags:
  - feeling
---

When I first learned that some people have never tasted Sesame Noodles or Doupi  in their lives, I was truly startled. After all, these are dishes I've grown up eating, and I'd always assumed everyone else had the same experience. I recall that whenever my Chinese classmates discovered I come from Wuhan, they would frequently ask if Doupi and Sesame Noodles were exceptionally delicious. It seemed like the entire world was aware of the distinctive breakfast culture in Wuhan, except for me, who grew up in the city. The foods I wrote about in my food journal are all signature breakfast items from Wuhan. Known for its diverse breakfast options, I've always pondered how Wuhan's breakfast culture shapes the city's unique flavor. 

The breakfast culture in Wuhan is unique: the ideal place to enjoy a Wuhan breakfast is at a roadside stall, ideally accompanied by the honking of cars and the shouts of passers-by. The emphasis of Wuhan's breakfast is on speed, as people often need to hurry to work or school. With a wide variety of choices at affordable prices and great taste, people would quickly grab a bowl of Sesame Noodles and eat while on the move. After experiencing it firsthand, I believe I've finally come to understand what food culture is about. It's about deeply ingraining a certain eating habit, perceiving it as a part of daily life. It's not just a matter of favoring certain dishes, but also an inclination in one's way of thinking. Just as a cow never tires of grazing on grass, I never grow weary of Sesame Noodles. Seeing someone eating breakfast at a roadside wouldn't strike me as odd; rather, my first thought would likely be that I've probably bumped into someone from my hometown. 
